Update log level policy (#30833)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/stable/contribute/core-database/coding-style.md

Use the following policy when choosing log levels:

* `VLOG` - information too verbose or uninteresting to include normally; when investigating, these can be turned on (going forward) per file using runtime gflags.
  * `VLOG` level should reflect a trade-off between additional logging volume and usefulness.

>   * it is risky to increase logging volume too much in production so we may only be able to turn on the first couple of levels in many cases.

Reviewer: "We may"? Perhaps this is context already understood by contributors, but I don't quite get it - if they choose a log level, will it show up or not?

  * although we have no global convention about how useful/noisy a given `VLOG` level should be, try and maintain consistency within a file.
* `DETAIL` - detailed general information

>   * e.g., routine information about individual tablets or compactions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * for example, routine information about individual tablets or compactions.
```

Author: made all the sub bullets full sentences with capitalization and periods.
  Not 100% sure what to do with the outer bullets as some of them are just nouns
